README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Linear Equation Visualizer 📉📈</h1>
  <p><i>An Interactive Learning Tool for Mastering y = mx + c</i></p>
</div>

---

## 🎓 For Students: Understanding the Magic of Lines

Welcome! This app is designed to help you **see** math in action. You've probably seen the equation **`y = mx + c`** in your textbooks, but what does it actually *look* like?

### The Secret Code: `y = mx + c`

Every straight line you see on a graph allows us to predict the future! It's built from just two special ingredients:

#### 1. The Slope (`m`) - "The Steepness"
Think of the slope as a hill you are walking up or down.
*   **Positve $m$**: You are walking **uphill**. The higher the number, the steeper the climb!
*   **Negative $m$**: You are sliding **downhill**.
*   **Zero (`0`)**: You are walking on flat ground.

#### 2. The Y-Intercept (`c`) - "The Starting Point"
This is where your journey begins on the vertical line (the Y-axis).
*   If $c = 2$, your line crosses the Y-axis at 2 steps up.
*   If $c = -5$, your line crosses the Y-axis at 5 steps down.

---

## 🎮 How to Use This App to Learn Permanently

Don't just look at the screen—**interact** with it! This is the key to locking this concept into your brain forever.

### Step 1: Play with the "Slope" ($m$) Slider
*   **Challenge**: Set $c$ to 0. Now, slowly move the **$m$** slider.
*   **Observe**: Watch how the line spins like the hand of a clock.
    *   What happens when $m$ is huge (like 10)? The line gets almost vertical!
    *   What happens when $m$ is negative? The line flips direction!

### Step 2: Play with the "Intercept" ($c$) Slider
*   **Challenge**: Set $m$ to 1. Now, move the **$c$** slider back and forth.
*   **Observe**: Does the *angle* of the line change? **No!** The line just acts like an elevator moving up and down. This proves $c$ only changes position, not steepness.

### Step 3: The "Predict" Game
1.  Close your eyes and pick two random numbers (e.g., $m = 2, c = -3$).
2.  Imagine in your head what that line looks like. (Steep uphill? Starting below zero?)
3.  Open your eyes, set the sliders, and see if you were right!

---

## 🛠️ For Teachers & Developers: Technical Setup

If you want to run this project on your own computer or contribute to the code, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites
*   Node.js installed on your machine.

### Installation & Running
1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/signupwithanand/Linear-Equation-Visualizer.git
    cd Linear-Equation-Visualizer
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Run the application**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    Open your browser to the URL shown (usually `http://localhost:5173`).

---

Commit message:

Refactor: Migrate to Next.js, Tailwind, and Supabase

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>Linear Equation Visualizer 📉📈</h1>
  <p><i>An Interactive Learning Tool for Mastering y = mx + c</i></p>
</div>

---

## 🎓 For Students: Understanding the Magic of Lines

Welcome! This app is designed to help you **see** math in action. You've probably seen the equation **`y = mx + c`** in your textbooks, but what does it actually *look* like?

### The Secret Code: `y = mx + c`

Every straight line you see on a graph allows us to predict the future! It's built from just two special ingredients:

#### 1. The Slope (`m`) - "The Steepness"
Think of the slope as a hill you are walking up or down.
*   **Positve $m$**: You are walking **uphill**. The higher the number, the steeper the climb!
*   **Negative $m$**: You are sliding **downhill**.
*   **Zero (`0`)**: You are walking on flat ground.

#### 2. The Y-Intercept (`c`) - "The Starting Point"
This is where your journey begins on the vertical line (the Y-axis).
*   If $c = 2$, your line crosses the Y-axis at 2 steps up.
*   If $c = -5$, your line crosses the Y-axis at 5 steps down.

---

## 🎮 How to Use This App to Learn Permanently

Don't just look at the screen—**interact** with it! This is the key to locking this concept into your brain forever.

### Step 1: Play with the "Slope" ($m$) Slider
*   **Challenge**: Set $c$ to 0. Now, slowly move the **$m$** slider.
*   **Observe**: Watch how the line spins like the hand of a clock.
    *   What happens when $m$ is huge (like 10)? The line gets almost vertical!
    *   What happens when $m$ is negative? The line flips direction!

### Step 2: Play with the "Intercept" ($c$) Slider
*   **Challenge**: Set $m$ to 1. Now, move the **$c$** slider back and forth.
*   **Observe**: Does the *angle* of the line change? **No!** The line just acts like an elevator moving up and down. This proves $c$ only changes position, not steepness.

### Step 3: The "Predict" Game
1.  Close your eyes and pick two random numbers (e.g., $m = 2, c = -3$).
2.  Imagine in your head what that line looks like. (Steep uphill? Starting below zero?)
3.  Open your eyes, set the sliders, and see if you were right!

---

## 🛠️ For Teachers & Developers: Technical Setup

This project uses **Next.js 14**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **Supabase**.

### Prerequisites
*   Node.js installed on your machine.
*   Supabase project (optional for basic graph).

### Installation & Running
1.  **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/signupwithanand/Linear-Equation-Visualizer.git
    cd Linear-Equation-Visualizer
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies**:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

3.  **Run the application**:
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```
    Open your browser to the URL shown (usually `http://localhost:3000`).

---
